# ZtickerZ
> This is an Ethereum Decentralized Game built as a final project of the ConsenSys's Ethereum Developer Program.

ZtickerZ is a basic Ethereum game that allows to simulate a stickers collection on a decentralized basis onto an Ethereum Smart Contract.

## Addresses
Interact with this contract on Ethereum!

URL:  http://ztickerz.samuelerodi.info

IPFS: https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmXKa7czE4VaXRWzBHYwyLW1Lhdd2Y8fZesq7W1zddcrZF/
  or: http://ztickerzonipfs.samuelerodi.info

Rinkeby:
  Migrations:     0x0c2af2fe2228d5bd7f92f30305ca52983e48017b
  ZtickyZtorage:  0x36e4c18184e85cf52ca18067c6321683d593d090
  ZtickyCoinZ:    0xabed85c03fe5fb13e05959f333864071c5175050
  ZtickerZ:       0xba8d6172da1a00cf052194cb22fa465a0fcdd942


IPFS
added QmYV91FZDPT9oE8Q4ZJ4zjSdcVwbGhtiDbVU1QAT5zGbZX ztickerz/asset-manifest.json
added QmcFc6EPhavNSfdjG8byaxxV6KtHZvnDwYXLHvyJQPp3uN ztickerz/favicon.ico
added QmcLy992N1jYZK8pMStsKTSEDuQAZfMo3ENBiFXxjpSHoF ztickerz/index.html
added QmYCxho5joBMRmvFMxT34dJLTA1DhpmEp89MSDwRh5Gq23 ztickerz/manifest.json
added QmQodfGzZgVMGU1JQGi52FwsC83UKm4sq7jSZ4WhmQBdun ztickerz/service-worker.js
added QmNjbDBEQwV4uiTMAKeaWbyyGdaagRKbCSB1pnFXD8rLqu ztickerz/static/css/main.6ec09282.css
added QmQRJefQUXcXioPHKCLBe1A1u7zXwSbkXquDumUTdnNKyZ ztickerz/static/css/main.6ec09282.css.map
added QmSVFAqf5d652WW4tJT7HM1XqHF1cFvdGXQ7D91NEfX8MX ztickerz/static/js/main.43d0b8a4.js
added QmZ8qFMxkygg9Kev8wopJmRddyspsy73p6B3oD8BjGzfSi ztickerz/static/js/main.43d0b8a4.js.map
added QmammqDYnWVPWg4R6Mxd74K8VsCW8F6QWLynXB6KZHJDUB ztickerz/static/js/main.5c9c00a1.js
added QmeZh7DxvoF87pdR1T7p8a1fhfSCMYnHGPsxvWyPWAHdyy ztickerz/static/js/main.5c9c00a1.js.map
added QmdnyjkA18VNfEUThjCpuiUUz2pbqmCe1pYCyXuzizRHft ztickerz/static/media/2.114a63ba.png
added QmcsEACGaBpn2kqb496oaSyQ646PRYZx96GWnCKCpwJDYh ztickerz/static/media/35.17097e01.png
added QmNm8gFTprb7fpbSskM7Lc4XWdBXkXJrjXzmd2nFr596V3 ztickerz/static/media/logo.f989fd27.png
added QmXV3S9m1UUR9j33DmDZYUVTACwpWJ8eFQd1uwLrzzsbz4 ztickerz/static/css
added Qmcy71PUB8GiANitAFVG5doJazGf4SMZnXQiZQTXASb6QN ztickerz/static/js
added QmetRLwQ94WLg9ssZ5TcfHbL1ZEkatVY5uGnAdy656KbXs ztickerz/static/media
added QmTPbRSaKESyGujtYJrgbv7yipDH5m7XCQ8veF3NDnWuq6 ztickerz/static
added QmXKa7czE4VaXRWzBHYwyLW1Lhdd2Y8fZesq7W1zddcrZF ztickerz



## GOAL
This project aims to BUIDL a decentralized game that emulates a stickers album collection on the Ethereum network while maintaining a strong playing incentive across users through several rewards based in ETH unlocked upon collection completion.  
In parallel, users get also rewards in ZCZ, an ERC20 token that is generated by the platform and that is used to estimate reward amounts while determining the user reputation on the platform.

## Ruleset
The game is quite simple in reality:

- Buy a Sticker Pack.
- You will receive some stickers with a precise sticker number.
- You will also receive a few freshly minted ZCZ based on the rarity of the stickers found.
- Exchange your duplicate stickers on the platform using ZCZ.
- Iterate until you complete the album.
- Once you are done, redeem your reward and get on the leaderboard.
- Specify an amount of ZCZ you would like to burn in change of your ETH reward. The quantity of ZCZ you burn increases exponentially the amount of ETH you receive.


Feel free to contribute or get in touch at samuele.rodi@gmail.com
A lot of game features still in roadmap...


## Basic Setup
This repo comes with everything you need to start with smart contracts development and a react app, and it has been mainly developed in a Vagrant environment.
Running using Vagrant is recommended.

### Required step

1. Rename the file secret-template.js into secret.js and populate it using your Infura credentials and Mnemonic phrases.

## Run using Vagrant
1. Make sure to have virtualbox and vagrant installed

2. Run
    ```javascript
    vagrant up
    ```
    It will automatically deploy a virtual environment running all the provisioning scripts under vagrant-xxx.ssh and setup a local Ethereum node with ganache-cli and migrate all the needed contracts.
    In case it is the first time launching 'vagrant up' make sure to have a good and neutral internet connections or you might need to manually reinstall the needed tools and dependencies as described in the provisioning scripts

3. SSH to vm with
    ```javascript
    vagrant ssh
    ```
4. You can start the frontend in development mode with
    ```javascript
    npm start
    ```
5. Navigate using your browser to localhost:3000 making sure to have Metamask or an alternative wallet installed and you are ready to play

### Need a build version?
1. Compile contracts with
    ```javascript
    truffle compile
    ```
2. Migrate them anywhere you need with
    ```javascript
    truffle migrate
    ```
3. Create the app build with
    ```javascript
    npm run build
    ```

### Optional hack for better usability
1. Using webpack in a Vagrant environment is a pain in the neck as it does not auto reload the webpages in case of modification during development.
To make webpack live reload working properly within vagrant:
Edit:
vi node_modules/react-scripts/config/webpackDevServer.config.js

Add the option:
```javascript
watchOptions: {
  poll: true
}
```

2. By default the React App build folder will use /build as default build directory, eventually overwriting the compiled contracts.
To change the build folder:
Edit:
vi node_modules/react-scripts/config/paths.js

Modify any reference to the build directory by adding your favourite path location:
```javascript
  appBuild: resolveApp('build'),  
```
This appears three times.


## Classical installation
1. Install Truffle and Ganache CLI globally. If you prefer, the graphical version of Ganache works as well!
    ```javascript
    npm install -g truffle
    npm install -g ganache-cli
    ```

3. Run the development blockchain, we recommend passing in a blocktime. Otherwise, its difficult to track things like loading indicators because Ganache will mine instantly.
    ```javascript
    // 3 second blocktime.
    ganache-cli -b 3
    ```

4. Compile and migrate the smart contracts. Note inside the development console we don't preface commands with `truffle`.
    ```javascript
    compile
    migrate
    ```

5. Run the webpack server for front-end hot reloading (outside the development console). Smart contract changes must be manually recompiled and migrated.
    ```javascript
    // Serves the front-end on http://localhost:3000
    npm start
    ```

6. Truffle can run tests written in Solidity or JavaScript against your smart contracts. Note the command varies slightly if you're in or outside of the development console.
    ```javascript
    // If inside the development console.
    test

    // If outside the development console..
    truffle test
    ```

7. Jest is included for testing React components. Compile your contracts before running Jest, or you may receive some file not found errors.
    ```javascript
    // Run Jest outside of the development console for front-end component tests.
    npm run test
    ```

8. To build the application for production, use the build command. A production build will be in the build_webpack folder.
    ```javascript
    npm run build
    ```
